# SecurityCourse-Project

Implement an internet forum where registered users can exchange opinions on various topics. Topics are divided into categories, and the forum supports at least the following categories/rooms: Science, Culture, Sports, and Music.
The web application consists of three parts, accessible to users depending on their user group. Users are divided into three groups: Administrator, Moderator, and Member.
The Administrator part of the application can only be accessed by the Administrator group, and this part of the application manages user accounts:

Approves/disapproves access to registered users,
Defines the group to which the registered user will belong,
Defines the set of permissions the registered user will have (adding, editing, deleting comments for a category, etc.).
The Moderator part of the application can be accessed by the Administrator and Moderator groups, and this part of the application manages user comments, where a new comment can be published (with or without adjustment) or banned.
The Member part of the application can be accessed by all user groups and is organized by rooms/categories. For each category, a list of the latest 20 comments is displayed, showing at least the comment content, user name, and posting time.
A new user registers on the forum, after which the Administrator can approve the registration, and the user receives the corresponding notification via email. After registration, the user can log into the system using two-factor authentication. In the first step, the user enters the username and password, after which they receive a verification code via email, which needs to be entered in the next login step.
The system architecture is roughly depicted in Figure 1. The Access Controller component accepts each user request, communicates with other components, and returns a response to the user. The Authentication Controller authenticates the user and authorizes user requests. After a successful login, the user receives a JWT token, which is further used to track the user session. The component responsible for issuing and validating tokens is the JWT Controller. The Web Application Firewall (WAF) is a component that scans traffic to the web server and only allows benign requests, rejecting potentially malicious ones. The WAF monitors the content of requests for compliance with defined rules related to user input (e.g., maximum text length, allowed sequences, etc.). If a user sends a request that does not comply with the defined policies, the Access Controller can automatically terminate the session with the user.
Communication between users and the system, as well as communication between individual system components, should be protected. The Certificate Controller is responsible for issuing, tracking, and revoking digital certificates for all components. Working with certificates can be implemented using an external tool. The SIEM component is responsible for monitoring and logging all security-sensitive requests.
